So it's bringing everything back.
H.
Now what have we done this yet.
Did we do this didn't look like we have OK.
Let's go ahead and take the views down to one let's apply it and let's take a look at what we want to
take away here.
I think we could take away most of this
right in here with the C key acts and faces.
I think what we should also do is take away down here at the bottom this is going to be against a wall.
I don't think we can.
We're going to see anything down here we may not even see anything in the back but I'm going to leave
that just in case we want to put it up against or pull it out from the wall at all.
So delete those faces.
Now for our seam we could probably create a seam or maybe just break this out here.
Yeah let's do that let's break this out right here and here.
And that will I think that will be fine.
Let's control ie and mark a scene there and let's try it.
I'll hit a.
Did I apply the transformations.
I don't think I did.
I did not see there.
All right.
So control a rotation in scale hit you and unwrap Let's try angle based conformal doesn't really matter.
OK I'll go with angle based.
Now what I want to do ultimately I will do the little feet down here.
But what I want to do first is delete these pieces right here because I haven't U-V mapped any of these
write X and delete and I haven't be mapped this at all either so X and delete that.
So now I just have the things that I've actually U-V mapped.
These are the ones I want to keep.
Now I want to duplicate these over and fill up the couch with them so I like this.
And this may go to my top view and my orthographic view with the five key press shift D and Y and move
these over a bit.
If you'll just select this and move it over and even these out a bit like that and then I'll press shift
D and Y and move these over.
OK.
Now this one this one if I just press shift D and Y and and move this over here you can see that the
problem is is you've got that and that's ugly.
So you don't want that.
So what I can do is I can actually flip this I can actually mirror this in the y axis.
I mean the five key to go back to perspective view to do then I can come down here to the object menu
go to mirror and then choose Y global and then hit enter and then we go.
Now it's been flipped over.
All right.
So there we've got our couch with all the pillows U-V mapped which is kind of nice.
What we want to do now is join all these objects together and put them all in the same U-V map so that
we can put all one material like this glorious floral pattern over here.
So if I just select everything shifts like everything here
now I can join them all together by pressing control J.
And that'll bring them all together.
And look what happened over here.
Makow this one object because that happened kind of flipped it kind of changed colors.
The reason why that happened is because it was mirrored in when it was mirrored and then we applied
the transforms on it.
The normal's or the faces are pointing in now instead of pointing out in other words we're seeing the
back side of the polygons and we don't want that because when we take this into unity or any game engine
you can't see the back of a poly on in other words you'll see right through it.
It'll be transparent.
So this arm of the couch will be transparent and we don't want that to happen.
So what we can do is tab into edit mode.
You can hover over this and press the key to select all linked faces and we can delimit that by seam
or the normal's or biomaterials So if I press material then it'll like the whole thing because it's
a continuous single material over that whole piece of the object.
Now I can press control n and that will flip the normal's or the faces back out again.
So now everything's facing out.
OK so now let's go back to that U-V editing view and if we tab into edit mode and we hit the A key I'm
going to hit this button right down here again.
We hit the A key we can see that it is a total mess.
All the movies are overlapping each other and it's just that's not going to work.
I'm going to press the control up arrow here.
So what we need to do is spread all these Uvas out and arrange them so they aren't overlapping like
I could take this and G and move it over here.
And then I could see and move this over here and that would take a while.
So we don't want to do that.
I can hit the A key to select everything.
And what I'll do is use this Uvas menu.
And over here we have average Island scale and we have pack islands average and scale we'll take every
island in here that is selected I should say and make them the same scale in proportion as on the actual
3D object.
So I'll press control.
So that made the big things big and the small things small.
And now the trick is to take all these islands with their proportional size intact and fit them into
this zero to one space here right into there into into that gray Square.
To do that we can use the pack Islands which is control P and then we go Navman pest control up arrow.
We can always rotate them here like this kind of like that actually.
Yeah I kind of like that.
So there we have our U-V mapped couch.
Now for the legs.
I'm going to have them be a separate object because they're going to need to be a separate material.
This is going to be all one material but the legs here are going to be wood or metal or something other
than fabric.
So to do that I'm going to come in here and select all of them and join them together with control.
Jay I'll tab into edit mode.
Good edge mode and I'm just going to select an edge on each one of these kind of on the inside
kind of like this and like this.
I'm just pressing shift here.
Control the mark seam.
Now if I select everything with the key go back to my U-V editing view and press you and unwrap that
unwraps all of them except it didn't work on two of them now did it.
Which ones did it work on it looks like it worked on these but somehow I lost my seams over here.
So I'll have to just add them back like that work seem now select everything you do and wrap.
All right.
So there is the feet.
Now the last thing let's do real quick before we finish up is let's give these a name and the material
we're going to need a name and a Tiriel on each of these so I'm going to select the couch part and I
see a pier that is currently called cube 0 0 3 and it changed this to come.
I'll call this couch fabric actually and see that here I'll also select the legs and I'll call this
couch would have that be a wood material.
Now over here in the materials panel click right here to bring up the materials panel and click new
and for this for couch for the wood feet I'll just paste that name of the object into the name of the
material.
Same thing over here.
I'll just paste the couch fabric name into the material field here.
So we have our object names the same as our material names and that will help us keep things organized
as we take things into unity.
So when the next video let's go ahead and do that let's do a test run of taking it into unity and then
we can begin working on texturing it.